content/schedule.md, before:

---
title: Schedule
date: "2025-01-24"
comments: false
table: true
---

This is not a regular devroom, this is a distributed devroom. Talks will be held in different tracks and different days.

Here is the schedule:

|               | Track | Title | Speaker |
|---------------|-------|-------|---------|
| H.1309 Saturday 13:00-13:30 | [Browser and web platform](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/browser-and-web-platform/) | [Making Web Components work: a framework's perspective.](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/9MJ8LX-making-web-components-work/) | Hayleigh Thompson |
| UB2.252A Saturday 14.25-14.45 | [Databases](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/databases/) | [You do not need an ORM](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/F9Y7ZY-you-do-not-need-an-orm/) | [Giacomo Cavalieri](https://giacomocavalieri.me/) |
| UA2.114 Saturday 15:55-16:15| [CRA in practice](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/cra-in-practice/) | [Erlang/OTP’s journey toward CRA compliance](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/JFJV3R-story-of-the-erlang-journey-towards-cra-compliance/) | Kiko Fernandez-Reyes |
| H.2215 Sunday 12:00-12:15 | [/dev/random](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/dev-random/) | [AtomVM: Elixir, Erlang, and Gleam on Microcontrollers](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/YP97YR-atomvm_elixir_erlang_and_gleam_on_microcontrollers/) | [Davide Bettio](https://uninstall.it/) |
| UA2.220 Sunday 13:40-14:05 | [Music Production](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/music-production/) | [midiMESH: Network MIDI with Elixir on ESP32 via AtomVM](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/QQRETA-midimesh_network_midi_with_elixir_on_esp32_via_atomvm/) | [Asep Bagja Priandana](https://www.asepbagja.com/) |

Commit message:

Add missing Nelson Vides DNS talk to 2026 schedule

content/schedule.md, after:

---
title: Schedule
date: "2025-01-24"
comments: false
table: true
---

This is not a regular devroom, this is a distributed devroom. Talks will be held in different tracks and different days.

Here is the schedule:

|               | Track | Title | Speaker |
|---------------|-------|-------|---------|
| H.1309 Saturday 13:00-13:30 | [Browser and web platform](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/browser-and-web-platform/) | [Making Web Components work: a framework's perspective.](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/9MJ8LX-making-web-components-work/) | Hayleigh Thompson |
| UB2.252A Saturday 14.25-14.45 | [Databases](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/databases/) | [You do not need an ORM](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/F9Y7ZY-you-do-not-need-an-orm/) | [Giacomo Cavalieri](https://giacomocavalieri.me/) |
| UA2.114 Saturday 15:55-16:15| [CRA in practice](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/cra-in-practice/) | [Erlang/OTP’s journey toward CRA compliance](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/JFJV3R-story-of-the-erlang-journey-towards-cra-compliance/) | Kiko Fernandez-Reyes |
| K.3.401 Sunday 10:30-10:55 | [DNS](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/dns/) | [Anatomy of a Resilient Nameserver: Concurrency, Resolution, and Protection](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/BLLW9C-anatomy-of-a-resilient-nameserver/) | [Nelson Vides](https://videsnelson.com/)
| H.2215 Sunday 12:00-12:15 | [/dev/random](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/dev-random/) | [AtomVM: Elixir, Erlang, and Gleam on Microcontrollers](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/YP97YR-atomvm_elixir_erlang_and_gleam_on_microcontrollers/) | [Davide Bettio](https://uninstall.it/) |
| UA2.220 Sunday 13:40-14:05 | [Music Production](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/track/music-production/) | [midiMESH: Network MIDI with Elixir on ESP32 via AtomVM](https://fosdem.org/2026/schedule/event/QQRETA-midimesh_network_midi_with_elixir_on_esp32_via_atomvm/) | [Asep Bagja Priandana](https://www.asepbagja.com/) |
